This is probably a great initiative, but what about honest members who have been working for almost a year to grow up in rank in order to start their project? Are those just getting punished because they decided to not launch a project with a newbie account?

Yes,  I'm talking about me. I've been on this forum for almost a year now. I have another account which I opened almost a year ago(norrisr). And after seeing what you guys ask for in order to support a project I decided to do my homework before posting any crap as a sign of respect towards this community, and then; I opened this one not only to use the same name I will be calling my business like but also to have a proof of the time and work I've been putting into this before launching.

I could easily have done a crappy ICO if I was not serious about my startup. Instead, I decided to do it how the old members in here suggest us to do, I already am in position of the domain-name and I haven't even launched the website yet, I quitted my job a year ago as a Head-Chef of the Belgian Ministers in order to teach myself how to code, not to be the main developer of my project but to prove to this community that I know where I am speaking about once I start. I taught myself some basic English, learned to develop smart-contracts with Solidity and EOS, I've been spotting scam projects for the last 3 months, and not only on this forum but also in other places like Reddit, and then I come here and share my findings with this community.

I could be easily been begging for money at those airdrops and signature campaigns, or selling smart-contracts to everyone in this forum who asks for one, I could easily take down Minerium business if I decided to do so with the skills I gained over the last 6 months, but because I'm against it and because I decided to not contribute to scam projects I now have the feeling that I'm just a morron. This last year has not been the easiest for me, watching all those scammers run away with people's money and also with mine, but I knew where I was working towards and I thought that with my efforts, and the proof of it, I would be rewarded someday. And the only thing I'm taking away from this is that there is no reward being honest in this field. Open yourself a fake account, do some crapy ICO and get rich on behave of others is the message that I'm getting out of this, and no, I have principles, I don't want to punish my soul for money. But I do think there are a lot of other options to make it a better experience for every one of us, like for instance, don't letting everybody who comes over here with a free website from Wix and a fake team launch an ICO and run away with the money while taking away with them the possibility for real projects to even be looked at. As of today, there are 1508 coins listed on CoinMarkeCap, 73 of those projects were launched in the last 14 days and we all know where they all start and what the result of it will be in a few months. Wouldn't it be better for all of us to focus on that so that crypto, and legit projects, can have a chance to rich the outside world without all of us being marked as scammers instead of focusing on 'quality posts'? I mean, we do need to get rid of those low-quality posts and there is no doubt about that, but at the same time, everything that one needs to know about crypto is right here on this forum, there are not a lot of others things left that one can tell about crypto and such that hasn't already been written by other members, and if we are counting on the daily news for making a decent post, some of us will never grow up in rang for the rest of their lives.

We now must depend on other members in order to grow up in rank, but if I started like most of the members (which are the one to blame for admins taking this measure in the first place), posting crap everywhere I would be where I want to be in order to launch my startup, but no-one would take me seriously because of the low quality of those so supposed posts. Most of you guys know how most of the members are, greedy, selfish and most of them are the worst thing that this world has to offer -no offense to the honest ones- and if we now have to count on someone who is more thinking about having his points grow in numbers just because they like to 'have', or on those others that are going to start making profit out of it, this does not make it possible for others to achieve the numbers of merits they need in order to execute their leggit plan.

